---
title: Morning Musings 1
tags: journal
---
Gooooooood sunny morning all,

It's a strange morning. I don't have much work to do, a rare event. Of course, there's more I could do... There's always more, but I feel content starting this journal entry and letting the morning escape me in this flurry of words. I think to myself, I'm so very fortunate to have my wife. I'm so very fortunate to be here at University of Maryland. I'm fortunate that everyone has been so flexible as I've navigated academia and industry at the same time. It seems the older I get, the more respect I receive. Is that perception or reality? In either case, it's nice to be shown that level of respect. Respect from my classmates, professors, other professionals. I don't have the idea that I'll be fired any time soon. I don't have the idea that everything is collapsing underneath my feet, another rare feeling. I had therapy yesterday (psychotherapy, but I think that's implied), I was torn up afterward and Carolyn didn't get home until 7pm and bedtime's at 9pm, so I didn't get to share much. We explored some memories that I don't think are quite right, but Jane said it's okay to not remember correctly, the feeling can still be accurate. That's an interesting idea, it left me thinking long after our session. Even though the memory is inaccurate, it is a clue. A clue to what, I wonder... Let me backup and explain the potentially inaccurate memory. I have two triplet sisters and an older brother. One of my triplet sisters passed away in a car accident when I was 16 years old... Resources were very constrained as well. My parents expected two children, not four. With a constrained and chaotic upbringing, I isolated myself to some extent. I played hours and hours of video games every day. I saw my friends every weekend and had sleep overs, but even then, all we did was play video games or sports. We didn't share strong emotional connections, at least not as strong as the relationships I have in my adult life. Perhaps that's fairly normal. We don't have the same emotional graces when we're younger, at least I didn't. In any case, I feel isolated and excluded by the world some times. I feel all alone on nights Carolyn doesn't come home until late. For some reason, I've never been able to substitute intimate relationships with anything as satisfying or calming. To me, hugs and speaking to each other inches away from each other's face is what makes me feel safe and sound. I know, that might sound crazy, but that closeness is unparalleled. Perhaps that's what I had when I was younger and had two triplet sisters... In college, my best friend was a girl. And, generally, my closest friend has always been a girl. Perhaps I'm just trying to return to childhood? Where my bitches at?! lolol.

Let's talk about the election that happened yesterday... Trump won... How? How did a racist asshole win the hearts and minds of America? I've been told Trump led in votes from men of all ages. Well, I suppose that doesn't surprise me after all. I know and understand the argument that men have privilege and I'm a white passing male myself, so consider everything I write as biased (who's writings aren't...). However, if we look at educational stats, boys have been left behind. We've built an educational system that DOES NOT WORK for boys (by and large). So, we wonder why Kamala didn't win the male vote? Why would a woman have men's best interests in mind? She wouldn't, of course. Same as Trump not having women's best interests in mind. And let me preface before I continue down this rabbit-hole and bring you all along for the ride. I voted for Kamala and Trump is, indeed, a racists asshole, no question. However, what we saw yesterday was Trump won the election, so perception doesn't exactly match reality. We need to use reality as our baseline, not what we want. So, with that out of the way, how do we reconcile Trump's win? How do we figure more people voted for that than Kamala? And this is my current explanation - economy and men's rights. A weird notion, right? Economy and men's rights?

The economy, although not in a great spot and worsened by the likes of Trump, people expect a recession and during times of uncertainty, they vote with familiarity. Trump is familiar and predictable. Trump is "conservative" and won people's vote through that. That said, the inflation under Trump and the tax breaks to the wealthy are beyond insanity. People are not okay and things will get worse for them... Despite their belief that Trump will help them.

Then, we need to consider men's rights and modern issues. I know women believe the patriarchy is alive and real, but please consider that most all of men's motivations are rooted in competition for mates. Do we really have that much power or control if every influential thing we do is to attract others? I argue no, men have very little power and very little control. I also understand a possible retort, "men are writing laws to control women's bodies!" And Women are writing curriculum that doesn't match boy's learning style. Women are chastising boys for squirming in their seats or falling asleep in class. I'm glad the system works for girls, but it strictly does not work for boys. Look at the grades, look at the graduation rates, look at the suicide rate, look at the demographics of the severely depressed and isolated... But wait, the patriarchy! I suppose I just don't believe the claims when the data tells me otherwise...

I also understand the idea that ... TODO
